Add iceberg table properties for maintenance of previous metadata files (#23260)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

                                                        Set to ``0`` to disable metadata optimization.

``iceberg.split-manager-threads``                       Number of threads to use for generating Iceberg splits.       ``Number of available processors``

``iceberg.metadata-previous-versions-max``              The max number of previous metadata files recorded in         ``100``
                                                        current metadata.

> ``iceberg.metadata-delete-after-commit``                Whether enables to delete the oldest metadata files after      ``false``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``iceberg.metadata-delete-after-commit``                Set to ``true`` to delete the oldest metadata files after      ``false``
```
This is broken across a couple of lines because of the table columns formatting, but I'm suggesting to change "Whether enables to delete the oldest metadata files after each commit" to "Set to ``true`` to delete the oldest metadata files after each commit."

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, fixed!

>                                                         each commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                        each commit.
```

``delete_mode``                            Optionally specifies the write delete mode of the Iceberg        ``merge-on-read``
                                           specification to use for new tables, either ``copy-on-write``
                                           or ``merge-on-read``.

> ``metadata_previous_versions_max``         Optionally specifies the max number of old metadata files to     ``100``

Reviewer 2: What would happen if metadata_delete_after_commit = false but metadata_previous_versions_max = 100? Would the files be deleted after 100? If not, shall we specify that metadata_previous_versions_max only works if metadata_delete_after_commit is set to true?

Author: `metadata_delete_after_commit = false` means that Iceberg wouldn't automatically delete the old and untracked metadata files after each commit. It wouldn't affect the functionality of `metadata_previous_versions_max`, which specify how many previous metadata files would be tracked in current metadata.

For example, if we set `metadata_previous_versions_max = 1` and `metadata_delete_after_commit = false` on the creation of an Iceberg table, and execute several insert operations which will lead in several metadata files.
We will get only 1 previous metadata entry in current metadata's log ( through `tableMetadata.previousFiles()`). But find that none of the metadata files were actually deleted.

On the other way, if we set `metadata_previous_versions_max = 1` and `metadata_delete_after_commit = true` and do the same things as above, we will find that only 2 metadata files remain.

                                           recorded in current metadata.

> ``metadata_delete_after_commit``           Optionally specifies whether enable to delete the oldest         ``false``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``metadata_delete_after_commit``           Set to ``true`` to delete the oldest         ``false``
```
Similar to previous comments. Like the precious comments about ``iceberg.metadata-delete-after-commit``, please adjust my suggested text change to fit the formatting needed for the columns in the table.

Author: OK, done.

>                                            metadata file after each commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                           metadata file after each commit.
```
